fix(telegraf): Correct links for Telegraf v1.36.4 (#6570)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1/input-plugins/intel_pmu/_index.md

Event definition JSON files for specific architectures can be found at the
[Github repository](https://github.com/intel/perfmon). Download the event definitions appropriate for your

> system e.g. using the [`event_download.py` PMU tool](https://github.com/andikleen/pmu-tools) and keep them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
system--for example, using the [`event_download.py` PMU tool](https://github.com/andikleen/pmu-tools) and keep them
```
